I heard you actually have something uh
new in your pocket I
do I'm doing it I'm going iPhone as a
daily driver for the first time since I
think the iPhone 6s wait wait that's
actually I had no idea I'm going with
the iPhone 16 plus which has already led
to some controversy why I feel like that
would be a pretty reasonable Choice well
that's what I thought everyone's like
you're a tech tuber you should have the
pro this does pretty much everything I
need a phone to do actually I recently
learned that the pro Max is by far the
bestselling uh skew of the iPhone this
is why their pricing keeps just going
higher and higher because we keep giving
them permission yes Daddy please please
give me a phone that costs as much as an
inexpensive vehicle I have something in
my other pocket it's the the new Ridge
wallet the new blex I also have been
working on a little collab it's going to
be dropping oh shoot hold on lonus